docs(storybook): docs cleanup (#6495)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: 2nd-gen/packages/swc/.storybook/guides/customization/global-elements.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individual stylesheets are also available as `global-[component].css` instead of the comprehensive index.
```
Does this change retain the meaning?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to modify properties that aren't exposed through custom properties, you can pass your additions to the global element by including styles within the `swc-global-element-overrides` layer.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Icons in buttons or icon-only variants are supported, with the assumption that the icon is represented as an SVG with the class `swc-Button-icon`. For the best text wrapping support, add `swc-Button--hasIcon` to the base element.
```

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Customization/Global element styling" />

# Global element styling

> Optional styling is available for **global elements**, such as button-styled native links, in order to retain native semantics and default accessibility benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional styling is available for **global elements**, such as native links styled as buttons, in order to retain native semantics and default accessibility benefits.
```

> Optional styling is available for **global elements** such as button-styled native links. This is in an effort to retain native semantics and default accessibility benefits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional styling is available for **global elements**, such as button-styled native links, in order to retain native semantics and default accessibility benefits.
```

> For global element styles to be fully available to slotted elements, you must include the stylesheet for `@adobe/spectrum-wc/global-elements.css` at the application level and ensure it's processed by your bundler to resolve the relative imports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For global element styles to be fully available to slotted elements, you must include the stylesheet for `@adobe/spectrum-wc/global-elements.css` at the application level and ensure that it's processed by your bundler to resolve the relative imports.
```

## Button styles

> You may use Button styling for either native links or button elements. Classes use BEM-style naming, and require the `swc-Button` class in addition to any variant classes.

Reviewer: I'm not sure whether "button" should be capitalised, in backticks, left alone, or some other option. I'm going to ask CS for guidance and get back to you on this! 😭

Author: When I look at the [old design guidelines](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/button/) for button, it is only capitalized if it's the first word in the sentence or title. Same for other components ([action group](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/action-group/), [status light](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/status-light/), [avatar](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/avatar/), etc.)

Reviewer: Yeah, but I'm wondering if this refers to the Button component, or more generic button. Maybe a question for @5t3ph

Author: What about something like:

```suggestion
You may use global element styles for button for either native links or button elements. Classes use BEM-style naming, and require the `swc-Button` class in addition to any variant classes.
```

or if using it like this feels more generic:

```suggestion
You may use global button styles for either native links or button elements. Classes use BEM-style naming, and require the `swc-Button` class in addition to any variant classes.
```

Reviewer: I think your first suggestion is great. Also... Does button refer to just... any generic HTML button styles? If so, it can remain in lowercase. If it refers to OUR specific Button styles, it should be capitalised.

Reviewer 2: It refers to the global styles which match the Button (component) styles but this page is about using classes to style native `<button>` - does that help? 😅 I had capped it to help distinguish it as "component like" esp vs the mention later in the sentence of "or button elements".

But I think @rise-erpelding suggested wording works well, too.

> You may use button styling for either native links or button elements. Classes use BEM-style naming, and require the `swc-Button` class in addition to any variant classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may use Button styling for either native links or button elements. Classes use BEM-style naming, and require the `swc-Button` class in addition to any variant classes.
```

</button>
```

> Icons in buttons or icon-only variants are supported, with the assumption that the icon is represented as an SVG with the class `swc-Button-icon`. For the best text wrapping support, add `swc-Button--hasIcon` to the base element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Icons within buttons or icon-only variants of buttons are supported, with the assumption that the icon is represented as an SVG with the class `swc-Button-icon`. For the best text wrapping support, add `swc-Button--hasIcon` to the base element.
```

> You may use action button styling for either native links or button elements. Classes use BEM-style naming, and require the `swc-ActionButton` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may use Action button styling for either native links or button elements. Classes use BEM-style naming, and require the `swc-ActionButton` class.
```

(because this refers to the Action button component, i think)
